Add instrgen directory for source level instrumentation (#3068)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: instrgen/README.md

# OpenTelemetry Go Source Automatic Instrumentation

> This repository provides [OpenTelemetry] source instrumentation for [Go]
> by automatically modifying source code in similar way as compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides a code generation utility that instruments existing source code with [OpenTelemetry].
```

## Project Status

> :construction: This project is currently work in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:construction: This package is currently work in progress.
```

### Compatibility

> Tool is based on Go standard library and is platform agnostic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `instrgen` utility is based on the Go standard library and is platform agnostic.
```

> 
> ## Contributing
> 
> See the [contributing documentation](./CONTRIBUTING.md).
> 
> ## License
> 
> OpenTelemetry Go Source Automatic Instrumentation is licensed under the terms of the [Apache Software License version 2.0].
> See the [license file](./LICENSE) for more details.
> 
> [OpenTelemetry]: https://opentelemetry.io/
> [Go]: https://go.dev/
> [Apache Software License version 2.0]: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Reviewer: These are part of the repository root and not needed at the package level.

```suggestion
[OpenTelemetry]: https://opentelemetry.io/
```

Author: updated
